re-org addons (#419)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/addons/rancher-vcluster.md

_Available as of v1.2.0_

> The `rancher-vcluster` addon allows you to run Rancher Manager as a workload on the underlying Harvester cluster. It is implemeted using [vcluster](https://www.vcluster.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rancher-vcluster` addon allows you to run Rancher Manager as a workload on the underlying Harvester cluster and is implemented using [vcluster](https://www.vcluster.com/).
```

> The `rancher-vcluster` addon allows you to run Rancher Manager as a workload on the underlying Harvester cluster and is implemented using [vcluster](https://www.vcluster.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `rancher-vcluster` add-on allows you to run Rancher Manager as a workload on the underlying Harvester cluster and is implemented using [vcluster](https://www.vcluster.com/).
```

Author: we will stick with `addon` for now since UI is already showing `Addon`
